    Samantha Samuels is the camp administrator. 
    She is getting setup for the 2023 Summer Camp season
    She sets up 9 sessions representing each of the weeks in July and August.  Each session is one week long.  The following are the session themes
        Session 1: Hawaiin
        Session 2: Rockstars
        Session 3: Ninja Warriors
        Session 4: Willy Wonka
        Session 5: Hollywood
        Session 6: Legos
        Session 7: Cops and Robbers
        Session 8: Shark Tank
        Session 9: Smores
    There are 6 cabins in the camp.
        Cabin 1: 7 and 8 year olds
        Cabin 2: 9 and 10 year olds
        Cabin 3: 11 and 12 year olds
        Cabin 4: 13 and 14 year olds
        Cabin 5: 15 and 16 year olds
        Cabin 6: 17 and 18 year olds
    After she finishes the setup, each cabin's schedule should be randomly generated.  All cabins will have meals at the same time. Note: Make sure that a cabin isn't going to the same activity twice in one day.
    Show Session 2's schedule for cabin 2 and 5, to demonstrate that this is working.

Scenario 2: 

    A parent Levaeh Davis logs into her existing account.
    She browses through the lists of camps for each week, she notices on the week of July 18 their is a 'Ninja Warrior' theme.  She reads the description and decides to signup her two kids.
    Her older Son Nutella Davis (Age 16) attended 2 sessions of this camp last year so fortunately he is already in the system.  She signs him up for a week.  She gets a confirmation, and can now see that the camp is tied to his name under her account.

Scenario 3:

    Levaeh now goes through the process of adding her younger daughter (Daisy Boo Davis) to her account.
    Daisy Boo
        12 years old
        allergic to pine nuts, and sunflowers
        She needs to take 5ml of zertec at breakfast daily.
        Her contact information is the same as her mothers.
        Add her Father Neil Davis, and her GrandFather Buzz Davis as emergency contacts, make sure to give them appropriate contact information.
        Her Pediatrician is Palmetto Pediatrics, her Doctor is Megan Martin, and her phone number 803-455-6767
        Please add any other additional required information
    When the account is created please enroll her in the same session as her brother.  Show that it is now clear that they are both in the session.

Scenario 4:

    Kix Gonzalez is a counselor at our camp. He is getting ready for the Ninja Warrior week, next week.  Restart your program we know your data was all successfully saved.
    He logs into this system
    First he prints out his roster for the cabin.  Their is 8 students all between 11 and 12 years old.
    Second he prints out the list of next weeks vital information, this will generate a beautifully formatted report of all his campers allergies, emergency contacts, and medical information.  Make sure this is a good sized list.
    Third he prints out the weekly schedule, showing a grid of what they will be doing at each day and time.  For each activity it also indicates where it is located.
    Each of these printouts will be txt documents.